Release notes for 11 July release (#319)
opentensor/developer-docs: docs/chain-rel-notes.md

# Chain Release Notes

The following are the release notes for the subtensor on-chain software.

## Mainnet 1.2.3 

`Released 12 July 2024`

- All the items described in the below [Testnet 1.2.1-pre-release](#testnet-121-pre-release) are now available in the mainnet.

<!--

> - **Schedule coldkey swap**: The [Schedule coldkey swap](./subnets/schedule-key-swap.md) feature is now available in mainnet. Until now this feature was only available on testnet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Schedule coldkey swap**: The [Schedule coldkey swap](./subnets/schedule-key-swap.md) feature is now available in mainnet. Until now, this feature has only been available on testnet.
```
